
Keymake 1

[dependencies]
rand = "0.8.5"

Replace <num_files> with the number of files you want to generate, and <bytes_per_file> with the number of bytes you want each file to contain.

For example, to generate 10 files, each containing 1000 bytes, you would run the following command:

 keymake 10 1000

The program will create a directory called "out" in the same directory as the executable, and generate 10 files containing random data in this directory.



This is a Rust program that generates a specified number of files, each containing a specified number of randomly generated bytes. 
The files are created in a directory called "out" located in the same directory as the executable.

The program first checks that it has been provided with the correct number of command-line arguments, which should be the number of files
to generate and the number of bytes to include in each file.

If the correct number of arguments are provided, the program creates the output directory "out" using the create_dir_all
function from the fs module.

The program then uses the rand::thread_rng() function from the rand crate to create a random number generator.
It generates the specified number of files, each containing a sequence of randomly generated bytes using the gen() function
from the rand crate. The bytes are written to each file using a BufWriter from the std::io module.

Overall, this program is a simple example of how to use Rust's built-in file handling capabilities and the
rand crate to generate random data.

You can create lots of files in the blink of an eye.
